Add fly.io deploy docs (#1)
kiwicopple/serverless-postgres: README.md

## Deploy to Fly

To deploy your Serverless Postgres to Fly.io, follow these steps:

### Step 1: Create a new Fly app

Create a new Fly app for your Serverless Postgres:

```bash
fly apps create your-serverless-postgres
```

Replace `your-serverless-postgres` with your desired app name.

### Step 2: Create secrets

First, create secrets for your Tigris credentials:

```bash
fly secrets set $(cat .env | xargs)
```

### Step 3: Deploy to Fly

Deploy your app to Fly:

```bash
fly deploy --ha=false
```

This command will use the `fly.toml` file in the project directory to configure and deploy the app.

> ### Step 4: Allocate a shared IPv4 address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 4: Allocate an IP address
```

> To make it easier to connect to your Postgres instance, allocate a shared IPv4 address:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make it easier to connect to your Postgres instance, allocate an IP address:
```
